# DATA VISIBILITY

Last updated: October 6, 2023, Effective: October 6, 2023

## Overview

The data generated by users on Pathraq are "User Account", "Track Data", and "Check in". This document explains the visibility of those data.

### Private Data

In this document, "private data" means the data visible only to the user itself. Any other people cannot see those data. Pathtraq does NOT provide any features to make private data visible to others.

### Publicly Visible Data

In this document, "publicly visible data" means the data visible to any people, without any authentication/authorization. Pathtraq does NOT share those data anywhere without the owner's interaction (for example, tapping "Share" button on the app). But once a publicly visible data is shared on anywhere (for example, SNSs), that data can be seen anyone on the Internet.

## User Account

"User account" contains the account name, profile image, email address, connected social accounts, and other app settings.

* Publicly Visible Data
  * Account name
  * Profile image
* Private Data
  * Email address
  * Connected social accounts
  * Other app settings

## Track Data

"Track data" is the series of your geographical location (latitude, longitude) and timestamp.

* Private Data
  * Track data

Your track data is always private.

## Check in

"Check in" is the event/record that a Pathtraq user stayed at a named place, with location (latitude, longitude) and timestamp.

* Publicly Visible Data
  * Place name
  * Place location (latitude, longitude)
  * User's location (latitude, longitude)
  * Timestamp of the check in
  * User's photos of the check in

Please note that everything about check in are publicly visible. That contains the location and timestamp where/when you checked in.

Pathtraq users can attach users' photo on the check in, but those photos are also publicly visible. Never attach/upload private/sensitive/harassing photos on your check in.

## In the Future

We may introduce different data on the Pathtraq service. We promise that those data will be private, will not be shared without your intention/agreement.
