# DATA AND PRIVACY OVEWVIEW

Last updated: October 6, 2023, Effective: October 6, 2023

This document overviews how we process users' data and how we protect users' privacy. The full documents are shown in [Terms of Use](https://pathtraq.tagomor.is/service/terms-of-use) and [Privacy Policy](https://pathtraq.tagomor.is/privacy/privacy-policy).

## Data Management

All data generated via Pathtraq app will be stored in the data center located in Japan. That contains users' account data, track data, and check ins. Some of publicly visible data may be cached in edge locations all over the world, but those are temporary data and will be deleted after its expiration time.

## Data Ownership

All data generated by Pathtraq users are owned by users themselves, although data will be stored in Pathtraq service's data center. Users can request archive files of private data (track data), or download public data directly. Once user deletes its Pathtraq account, we will delete all related data.

## Data Operation

Pathtraq accesses/copies/moves/modifies users' data for the efficiency of storage and transportation, and for the better display (for example, thumnails). Pathtraq never modifies users' data to change those meanings.

## Personal Information

Pathtraq does not store any personal data except for account name (unique on Pathtraq) and email address.

We do:
* Use users' email addresses only to notify information about the users' Pathtraq account

We do NOT:
* Process users' personal information to infer users' individuality/characteristics/identity
* Transfer users' personal information to others' services or places
* Connect/join users' personal information to others' data in any purposes

## Sensitive Information

Pathtraq stores sensitive information about users (geographical locations).

We do NOT:
* Process users' sensitive information to infer users' individuality/characteristics/identity
* Transfer users' sensitive information to others' services or places
* Connect/join users' personal information to others' data in any purposes

In the future, we may add service options to use users' sensitive information. But we will never introduce such options in opt-out way. We will enable such options with users' explicit and clear intention/agreement.

## Sharing Data or Personal Information

We never share users' data or personal information with others.
